Hummer: Text Entry by Gaze and HumIf typing or speed recognition are no suitable way for text input (for whatever reason) you can take a look at other ways to transfer information. Gaze and humming combined is what Hedeshy et. al (2021) developed. They conducted an experiment where subjects selected characters from a typical keyboard using Eye Tracking and combined it with two conditions for humming. Either use many short hums to indicate the start and end of a word and in between selecting charaters or use a long hum while selecting the characters. The authors showed that combining both interaction technologies is superior to using Eye Tracking only in this context.Hedeshy, R., Kumar, C., Menges, R., & Staab, S. (2021, May). Hummer: Text Entry by Gaze and Hum. In Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems(pp. 1-11).xxxPhraseFlow: Designs and Empirical Studies of Phrase-Level InputIf the user performs text input quickly errors may occur. Fixing the errors with auto correction is the common way to go but if autocorrection is disabled and the user continues after a typing error you need a solution. Zhang & Zai (2021) developed a new approach that corrects errors subsequently after several further words are typed. The goal is to avoid errors without losing time. They tested their application iteratively and evaluated it in a lab study and the results indicate that subjects did not need more time but showed a reduction in error rate. Zhang, M. R., & Zhai, S. (2021, May). PhraseFlow: Designs and Empirical Studies of Phrase-Level Input. In Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems(pp. 1-13).xxxFacilitating Text Entry on Smartphones with QWERTY Keyboard for Users with Parkinson’s DiseaseUnfortunalety Parkinson is a common disease for elder people and with the ubiquity of computing there is certainly a purpose for designing a text input technology for diseased people who fail to press every key right. Wang et. al (2021) collected data from young healthy people and compared it with Parkinson diseased people. They created a probalistic model to predict interaction and recognize error patterns. They tested it on a smartphone and the results indicate that a lower error rate and a higher typing speed is achieved and their way to correct errors is superior to traditional approaches.Wang, Y., Yu, A., Yi, X., Zhang, Y., Chatterjee, I., Patel, S., & Shi, Y. (2021, May). Facilitating Text Entry on Smartphones with QWERTY Keyboard for Users with Parkinson’s Disease. In Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (pp. 1-12).Written by Marco Beetz (05/19/21)* so the entire task 5.1 was done by Marco *